Remove extra colon after `track` in angular `@for` control-flow (#17280)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/angular/17280.md

> #### Do not add colon after track in angular @for control-flow (#17280 by @claudio-herger)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Remove extra colon after `track` in angular `@for` control-flow
```
